Add skimage requirement for CIL-Demos (#1955)
TomographicImaging/CIL: CHANGELOG.md

  - Fix bug with 'median' and 'mean' methods in Masker averaging over the wrong axes.
- Enhancements:
  - Removed multiple exits from numba implementation of KullbackLeibler divergence (#1901)
- Dependencies:

>   - Added tomopy to `requirements-test.yml` as this is needed for new Pagain CIL-Demo.
>   - Added tomopy and scikit-image to CIL-Demos conda install command as needed for new Paganin and Callbacks notebooks.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Added scikit-image to CIL-Demos conda install command as needed for new Callbacks notebook.
```
